content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "2006-01-02"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "Electronics, Control Engineering"
  company = "National Institute of Technology, Kisarazu College"
  company_url = "http://www.kisarazu.ac.jp/"
  location = "Kisarazu, Chiba"
  date_start = "2016-04-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """Learn about Electronics and Control engineering."""

[[experience]]
  title = "Internship"
  company = "jig.jp Co., Ltd"
  company_url = "https://jig.jp/"
  location = "Sabae, Fukui"
  date_start = "2018-08-21"
  date_end = "2018-09-08"
  description = """
  Joined the jig.jp internship program.
  A prototype of the service was developed to ensure proper evacuation in the event of a disaster.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Hardware Engineer"
  company = ""
  company_url = ""
  location = "Chiyoda, Tokyo"
  date_start = "2019-06-01"
  date_end = "2019-08-01"
  description = """
  Joined a part-time job as a circuit and PCB design work while in college.
  """

+++

Commit message:

add Fire Brigade on exp

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 40  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "2006-01-02"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "Electronics, Control Engineering"
  company = "National Institute of Technology, Kisarazu College"
  company_url = "http://www.kisarazu.ac.jp/"
  location = "Kisarazu, Chiba"
  date_start = "2016-04-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """Learn about Electronics and Control engineering."""

[[experience]]
  title = "Internship"
  company = "jig.jp Co., Ltd"
  company_url = "https://jig.jp/"
  location = "Sabae, Fukui"
  date_start = "2018-08-21"
  date_end = "2018-09-08"
  description = """
  Joined the jig.jp internship program.
  A prototype of the service was developed to ensure proper evacuation in the event of a disaster.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Member of a fire brigade"
  company = "Kisarazu City Fire Brigade Student Division"
  company_url = "https://www.city.kisarazu.lg.jp/1004658/1004711/index.html"
  location = "Kisarazu, Chiba"
  date_start = "2019-04-18"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  I joined the student section of the Kisarazu Fire Brigade.
  We provide logistical support in times of disaster and conduct disaster prevention and fire prevention campaigns.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Hardware Engineer"
  company = ""
  company_url = ""
  location = "Chiyoda, Tokyo"
  date_start = "2019-06-01"
  date_end = "2019-08-01"
  description = """
  Joined a part-time job as a circuit and PCB design work while in college.
  """

+++
